com/example/exampleapp/data/utils/ExampleApplication.java
 com.example.exampleapp.data.utils.ExampleApplication
 com.example.exampleapp.data.utils.ExampleApplication$1
com/example/exampleapp/data/utils/ServiceLocator.java
 com.example.exampleapp.data.utils.ServiceLocator
com/example/exampleapp/data/examplename/ExampleRepository.java
 com.example.exampleapp.data.examplename.ExampleRepository
 com.example.exampleapp.data.examplename.ExampleRepository$ExampleCallback
com/example/exampleapp/data/examplename/local/ExampleDao.java
 com.example.exampleapp.data.examplename.local.ExampleDao
com/example/exampleapp/data/utils/Connect.java
 com.example.exampleapp.data.utils.Connect
com/example/exampleapp/data/utils/ExampleAppExecutors.java
 com.example.exampleapp.data.utils.ExampleAppExecutors
 com.example.exampleapp.data.utils.ExampleAppExecutors$1
 com.example.exampleapp.data.utils.ExampleAppExecutors$MainThreadExecutor
com/example/exampleapp/FirstFragment.java
 com.example.exampleapp.FirstFragment
 com.example.exampleapp.FirstFragment$1
com/example/exampleapp/MainActivity.java
 com.example.exampleapp.MainActivity
 com.example.exampleapp.MainActivity$1
com/example/exampleapp/databinding/ContentMainBinding.java
 com.example.exampleapp.databinding.ContentMainBinding
com/example/exampleapp/data/utils/DiskIOExecutor.java
 com.example.exampleapp.data.utils.DiskIOExecutor
com/example/exampleapp/databinding/FragmentFirstBinding.java
 com.example.exampleapp.databinding.FragmentFirstBinding
com/example/exampleapp/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.exampleapp.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/exampleapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.exampleapp.BuildConfig
com/example/exampleapp/data/examplename/local/LocalDataSource.java
 com.example.exampleapp.data.examplename.local.LocalDataSource
com/example/exampleapp/data/examplename/remote/Connect.java
 com.example.exampleapp.data.examplename.remote.Connect
 com.example.exampleapp.data.examplename.remote.Connect$1
 com.example.exampleapp.data.examplename.remote.Connect$2
com/example/exampleapp/data/utils/ApplicationDatabase.java
 com.example.exampleapp.data.utils.ApplicationDatabase
com/example/exampleapp/data/examplename/model/ExampleModel.java
 com.example.exampleapp.data.examplename.model.ExampleModel
com/example/exampleapp/viewmodels/utils/ViewModelFactory.java
 com.example.exampleapp.viewmodels.utils.ViewModelFactory
com/example/exampleapp/viewmodels/ExampleViewModel.java
 com.example.exampleapp.viewmodels.ExampleViewModel
com/example/exampleapp/SecondFragment.java
 com.example.exampleapp.SecondFragment
 com.example.exampleapp.SecondFragment$1
com/example/exampleapp/databinding/FragmentSecondBinding.java
 com.example.exampleapp.databinding.FragmentSecondBinding
com/example/exampleapp/data/examplename/utils/ExampleConverters.java
 com.example.exampleapp.data.examplename.utils.ExampleConverters
